switching pixel movement approach. 
the whole goal of the switch to pixel-based movement was to make the process smoother. 
the main architecture will still rely on the old tile-based approach.
pixel based movement will fill the gaps between tile based movement.
this will make the creatures move smooth.
further complexity will be added on "how" the creature moves from tile to tile. 






fix architecture.

use astar* for overall path layout.
follow path's primary objective is to track pixel movement and see if tiles have changed.
once tiles have changed, increment self.x and self.y, otherwise, keep incrementing self.px and self.py as per need.




lerp.

distance b/w target and current. 
step value(displacement) = self.speed * world.dt

t= step/distance


REPRODUCTION

a creature reaches maturity when it has lived for 10s. 

AND is not thirsty and hungry. 


flow of REPRODUCTION.

1. creature matures / reproductive interval is over.
2. creature seeks a viable mate ( another creature who's 1st condition is fullfilled)
3. creature , after finding a viable partner, designates the other as its mate. 
4. creature, all 3 conditions are met AND is neither hungry nor thirsty, mates and produces (fertility) no: of offspring. 
5. creature exhibits different nature dependant on its iq. higher iq = higher chance to designate partner as mate for life, lower iq, higher chance for it being a one time mate.




REPRODUCTION:
A dataclass within CreatureData.
holds all INFORMATION about reproduction. Some information such as reproductive_interval, however, is held by class Genome as it plays a heavy role in creature evolution.


REPRODUCTIONBEHAVIOR:
A behavior class within CreatureBehvaior. 
It holds all simulated actions that a creature can take related to reproduction. 


REPRODUCTIONMANAGER:

An interface between the reproductive system and the rest of the simulations. 
The manager is responsible for checks and instructions. Essentially the coorindator of reproduction.
It sets mates, target location and oversees the actual process of reproduction ; managing REPRODUCTION, enabling REPRODUCTIONBEHAVIOR.


to manage reproducttion

add creatures into a queue. 
the queue will contain pairs of (c, c.mate). if at any point a successive c has already been registered as c.mate, it will skip. 
a similar queue can be implememnted for the animation of mating. ( simply assign a common tile where both creatures can meet that is fired off of the firs creature.)